Update overview.mdx (#1847)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/users/overview.mdx

## Introduction

The GraphQL Users API is an account-level management GraphQL API that allows you to create, edit, and delete BigCommerce control panel users. This highly requested feature is primarily useful for Enterprise merchants who need to audit existing users or integrate with third-party user management systems.

## What is a user

A user is an account (email address) that can sign in to the BigCommerce control panel for an account or store.

## Prerequisites

Before getting started with the GraphQL Users API, make sure you have the following:

* BigCommerce store

> * A valid API account access token with sufficient permissions to make the desired requests (see Getting Started below)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A valid API account access token with sufficient permissions to make the desired requests (more on that in the  **Getting Started** segment below)
```

### Account users

> The following query returns details about an account's users. Note a standard cursor-based pagination is supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following query returns details about an account's users. Note that a standard cursor-based pagination is supported.
```
